Que1 ->  Define and explain the three basic types of cloud services and the AWS products that are built based on them?
CSN Computing Storage Networking

Here are some of the AWS products that are built based on the three cloud service types:

Computing - These include EC2, Elastic Beanstalk, Lambda, Auto-Scaling, and Lightsat.
Storage - These include S3, Glacier, Elastic Block Storage (EBS), Elastic File System (EFS).
Networking - These include VPC, Amazon CloudFront, Route53

-> availability zones are the areas that are present inside the regions
-> create customized content for the audience of a specific geographical area is geo - targeting


Que2 ->  What are the tools and techniques that you can use in AWS to identify if you are paying more than you should be, and how to correct it?
You can know that you are paying the correct amount for the resources that you are using by employing the following resources:

-> Check the Top Services Table
        It is a dashboard in the cost management console that shows you the top five most used services. 
        This will let you know how much money you are spending on the resources in question.

-> Cost Explorer
        There are cost explorer services available that will help you to view and analyze your usage costs for the last 13 months. 
        You can also get a cost forecast for the upcoming three months.

-> AWS Budgets
        This allows you to plan a budget for the services. 
        Also, it will enable you to check if the current plan meets your budget and the details of how you use the services.

-> Cost Allocation Tags
        This helps in identifying the resource that has cost more in a particular month. 
        It lets you organize your resources and cost allocation tags to keep track of your AWS costs.

-> AWS services that are not region-specific are:
        IAM
        Route 53
        Web Application Firewall 
        CloudFront

-> To support multiple devices with various resolutions like laptops, tablets, and smartphones,
we need to change the resolution and format of the video. This can be done easily by an AWS Service 
tool called the Elastic Transcoder, which is a media transcoding in the cloud that exactly 
lets us do the needful. It is easy to use, cost-effective, and highly scalable for businesses and developers.


=> EC2 is short for Elastic Compute Cloud, and it provides scalable computing capacity. 
Using Amazon EC2 eliminates the need to invest in hardware, leading to faster development 
and deployment of applications. You can use Amazon EC2 to launch as many or as few virtual 
servers as needed, configure security and networking, and manage storage. It can scale up or 
down to handle changes in requirements, reducing the need to forecast traffic. 
EC2 provides virtual computing environments called “instances.”

